let's face it the Turing test has been
passed ever since Chad GPT came out you
have no idea whether you're talking to
AI or to a human so now we need a new T
Test which as Mustafa salimon has
proposed is to see whether AI can make a
million dollar and although I do
disagree with Mustafa on almost
everything especially on a safety I do
think that the best indicator of
intelligence in age of knowledge work is
the ability to create value within our
economy so in this video I'm going to
show you something that has never been
done before specifically how we
developed the first fully autonomous
business with AI at the end we'll even
talk with the client himself so you can
prepare for this new hii economy and
hopefully even attempt creating such a
business yourself let's Dive In
so I wanted to start this video by
quickly highlighting one of the points
Jensen Hanan recently made in his
keynote he said that up until 2023 the
tech industry mainly processed data for
other Industries but it did not generate
anything by itself so for example when
you fly on a plane there's a lot of tech
involved in the background like
processing your ticket storing your data
and so on but but the value itself is
actually generated when you fly on on a
plane not when your data is being
processed so although Tech does
significantly increase the efficiency
and allows airports to increase the
throughput by hundreds of times it does
not actually generate the value by
itself or it did not generate it before
because now with generative AI for the
first time in history the tech industry
can actually produce value by itself so
instead of primarily assisting other
Industries we can now generate anything
natural language actions audio video 3D
information all of that simply in the
form of AI tokens however what he didn't
mention is that you can simply create a
factory even a digital one out of thin
air a factory needs to be built around
the process for example a car factory
has a conveyor line where raw materials
go through a specific process until a
finished car comes out so and the same
should apply of course to a digital
business which means that our digital AI
factories must also be built around the
specific process so this is what I'm
going to show you in this video this is
basically what we do in our agency we
take a process from the client and then
we convert it into a digital automated
Factory with AI right so enough talking
here's the process itself provided by
the CLI as you can see it's quite large
and this is what we're essentially
looking forward to when we are working
with our clients you know if you have
like so form of sop documentation if
you've already built some form of a
process and you send it to us this is
like gold because we can automate
essentially like almost anything we can
automate almost anything if you just
provide us with like clear documentation
and if you don't have documentation we
also have like you know s so templates
that you can fill out so essentially
what this uh whole process entails is
online ebook generation and marketing so
here the process starts with the user
who signs up and then requests like an
ebook by providing like a gym customer a
problem and so on so then the first
research assistant will perform all of
the research it will find the pain
points it will find additional
information that should be included into
this ebook and then it proceeds with
working with other agents in order to
actually generate and sell this ebook so
there are like quite a few things
involved here it's not just the ebook
generation
this system can also post Google and
Facebook ads it can generate landing
pages for this ebook and it can even
trigger emails campaign so after we've
reviewed all the requirements of course
the next step is to scope this project
it's quite important to scope the
project although we do try not to focus
too much on Project scoping I'll explain
why in a bit but yeah here's the client
portal so all of our clients they get
client portals like this and notion
where they can track our progress and
see all of the notes that we've made for
them so they can um learn a bit more
about the system or for example the
client requests like documentation or
something uh we will add it into the
client portal uh so here is the content
hosting for example piece that you know
shows how this system specifically how
the research agent and ebook creation
agent are connected to databases we're
using Google Cloud for this for landing
pages we're using contentful uh Google
ads and for email provider we're using
mail chimp and the hosting itself is on
verel so in the beginning of the project
we always try to determine details like
this in advance although I do always
recommend to all my project managers to
not focus in too much on Project scoping
because typically you know the scope for
those agentic projects it tend to change
a lot during the development process so
that's why we want to keep it as agile
as possible then here we have like the
initial agency structure for example
which looks something like
this where you know the request from the
user comes in then the ebook director
directs this request to either like a
eBook creation process or ebook
marketing process we have ebook
generation agent resarch agent here with
conductor resarch tool and generate
ebook tool and in the marketing process
of this ebook we also have ebook
marketing manager agent that talks to
final copy agent ad copy agent and email
agent all of them have separate
specialized tools as I always say you do
have to focus on tools the most because
all of the heavy lifting must be
performed by the tools not by your
agents so here we also scope you know
the functionalities for each tool and an
example flow before we actually start
coding okay so now let's go ahead and
actually take a look at the code so
here's the code for this agency as you
can see we're using seven agents and the
agency structure looks something like
this this is how you essentially set up
you know those communication flows so
these basically match like the diagram
that I showed you earlier where ebook
director can communicate with different
agents for marketing and ebook
generation processes if you're new to
this Channel all of our agents are
developed using my own agentic framework
called agenes form on GitHub if you want
to learn it make sure to check out my
previous videos later okay so let's take
a look for example at the ebook
generation manager this is the agent
that actually generates the ebook and it
has one tool generate ebook tool as you
can see here we're actually executing
like ebook generation asynchronously and
then we're actually even like generating
ebook image and then combining it all
together and saving it to cloud storage
on Google
Cloud so I believe the function that
generates the book itself is right here
as you can see we're using like quite a
large prompt that essentially like
splits the ebook into chapters and then
generates each chapter separately in
order to avoid the completion token
limit so this technique allows you to
generate thebook first of all much
faster and secondly it allows you to
generate a lot longer content so now let
me actually show you a demo with one of
my project managers Ford hey there I'm
Ford I'm a technical project manager
here at versus nii and I want to take
you guys through a quick demo of the
ebook creation system or Aladdin so
we're going to be interacting with the
ebook director agent and let's just send
a message say create an ebook for
entrepreneurs wanting to get into the AI
industry in 2024 we'll click Send on
this and then this sends the message to
the ebook director agent which will
determine the process that it needs to
go through to create the ebook which in
this case determines that it needs to
send something to the ebook generation
manager the ebook generation manager
will now go in there and determine hey I
need to do some research to do this so
it sends that message to the research
agent to conduct research based off of
the target audience of entrepreneurs
looking to enter the AI industry in 2024
this then is conducting research of this
target audience and identifying them pay
points it returns this back to the ebook
generation manager and as you can see
here here are the five pain points that
it has determined could be valuable the
ook generation manager will now
determine which of these pain points is
most likely to really hit home with this
target audience and then it will go on
to create an ebook for this and then
this step can take a little bit of time
due to the nature of it when you really
get down to ebook creation time like
this is a pretty short timeline so we'll
take a second to wait for it
here awesome now that the ebook has been
successfully generated ebook generation
manager alerts the ebook director agent
that the ebook has been
created then here now the ebook director
determines okay now that the ebook is
made I need to create all the marketing
material for the ebook so this will
consist of a landing page for purchase
of the ebook
a email list to as people purchase the
ebook to sign those users up for up
selling them more ebooks and other
things along the way and add copy and
deploying Those ads to various platforms
such as Google ads Facebook ads
Instagram whatever you can think of you
can add in here so here the copy has
been created and now we are sending it
to our headless CMS contentful as you
can see it's been deployed successfully
so we will go there in a second once
everything else has been completed so
now funnel copy has alerted the ebook
marketing manager that is completed and
this is an important step to have the
landing page created first as when you
create the email list in ads it needs to
be able to point the possible prospects
to the place to purchase the book so now
we'll go in there and it's creating ads
generating them all and then also
creating emails so this will create the
email list and an email campaign and
schedule those emails so that it can be
sent out to people as they purchase the
book and now we can see that the ad copy
agent has completed its steps and it is
alerting the ebook marketing manager
that hey everything is done we can
continue to the next step now that we
have the ebook landing page created we
can now go to the website for this which
is currently hosted on my local computer
and there we go we have navigating the
AI industry a comprehensive guide for
entrepreneurs in 2024 is the name of the
ebook we have you know a very simple
landing page we've built out here and
then here are the copy of the book
unlock the future of Entrepreneurship
your AI industry guide for 2024 overcome
sees the opportunities in AI with expert
insights and actionable strategies enter
your email below to get your free eBook
The Copy here's a little off we're still
working on this but you can purchase it
here this then will go and create a
stripe payment link for this user to pay
for this book and then we will be
redirected to the stripe payment page
really quick awesome here we are now so
this is a test mode stripe nothing too
crazy
here now as we click pay this will
process our payment through the stripe
test mode and then we will receive an
email to download the ebook and be
rerouted to the thank you page on our
website so that we can then it ideally
upsell a customer here with something
new or just say thank you and here's
your earbook so by come into my email
here we can take a look and here is my
download for this ebook hello your ebook
is ready to download I'll click the
download ebook link and now here we go
we have our 27 page ebook title page and
quite a decent amount of content that we
are a able to then go through and now in
about 5 minutes and with very little
human effort you have a full ebook ready
to be created sold and marketed for you
with very very minimal effort and while
this is still just a proof of concept in
the world of AI and in this project that
this is not currently live this really
shows that people don't really need to
be involved in some of these businesses
that you can do in the internet World
such as ebook creation or let your mind
go to wherever field your in that you
can generate an ebook and honestly
generate revenue and money doing very
little effort and having these AI agents
run your entire business for you it's
really the beginning of something
amazing here and here at vers we really
try to push the boundaries of what's
possible so this is a great proof of
concept and one of our first projects
showing that AI agents are here to stay
and they are very very powerful and now
let's chat with the client himself okay
awesome so thanks so much William for
join rning as I said I'm super excited
about your project because most of the
projects that we get in our agency are
about automating existing businesses
whereas your project is rather about
creating an entirely new business with
AI so that's what really got me excited
here and I just wanted to know get your
perspective on why did you decide to
build this like entire business using AI
rather than going like a traditional
route and hiring people for it well you
know it's interesting because I've
always built businesses and try to
automate them in the past and usually
what you have to do to automate is you
get you know you delegate it to some
people some some contractors or you get
software to do it but you still had to
kind of like connect the dots and put it
all together and so they were still work
so you almost like semi-automated it and
then you have to kind of monitor it over
time and I was always wanting to fully
automate a business for the longest time
and when AI came out I was like it's the
perfect opportunity and when I saw your
program the AI agents swarm and how your
agents can kind of be customized for
different things that's when I knew this
was the time for us try to actually try
this so amazing yeah I definitely agree
you know right now we have extremely
smart models you know those gbt models
they can perform like most human tasks
almost in the same level but where they
fall short at the moment is in actually
making sure that they actually produce
like quality outputs at scale because
you know if you ask the gbt model right
now to generate like an a website it's
not going to generate you like an entire
Ling page it's just going to generate
like one section and say like you know
there you go and that I think that's why
I really appreciate what you guys were
doing because your process was it almost
like it helped um the agents to think
right and when you're a business owner
you're trying to create this business
you got to think through every step of
what you're doing and I think your
agents working together in that capacity
had the ability to make good choices so
when you put it together it would kind
of like process was a very intelligent
process to be able to build about all
those things and as you said these
models are being so increasing in their
abilities so that once you build it as
long as they keep increasing these
abilities then your whatever you buil
start getting better better and better
as they build it out it gets better as
well so I really appreciate that about
about what you guys are doing yeah
exactly that's definitely one of the
primary benefits of using agent SWS
that's what I always tell people that
you can scale your system very easily
so how did you determine like this
initial process well it's interesting CU
we um like I've been a consultant a
business consultant for about 15 years
like I had worked for business
Consulting and one thing that is
consistent amongst all businesses is
that it's pretty much the same processes
over and over and over again Marketing
sales operations team Finance the whole
thing and I was thinking well why don't
we just take those processes and find a
way of linking them all together and so
then I created uh that flowchart to say
okay if we did link all these different
processes together what would look like
when I go to a business and I try to
help them evaluate where they can do
better or be more efficient or more
effective I'll most likely start with a
big flow of how their entire business
flows anyway and I was thinking what if
we have that information already why not
just plug in the AI to be able to do the
steps that you need to make it flow
automatically instead of having a human
being involved in it so that's why I
think the flow model was perfect because
uh businesses by far 80 90% of them is
all processed it really is and um and so
we decided to start with some easy
businesses to kind of show that that are
pretty much almost 100% process like
information businesses uh to to to just
go ahead and show that this is possible
and that's why um yeah it made it a lot
easier just thinking in a process way uh
to be able to build businesses step by
step in that matter so what's your
future vision for this project and where
do you see it go from here well I mean I
and we're in the process right now just
building small model like you know a
prototype of it to show that it can work
from beginning to end and we're using an
information model for that and uh and
we're building it in steps so the first
step is to show that it can be you know
done right and then once that's done
then we're going to expand the scale of
it so it's not only going to be able to
build a business is going to be able to
scale a business too so like let's say
if I'm selling an information product
and all of a sudden the AI has got it
working and people are buying this
information product then that means that
we can scale it up now and sell more of
those information products by adding
more elements to it like whether
marketing elements sales elements sales
funnels so you can add more so so my I
Envision a business that you can kind of
validate in the beginning with AI and
then once it hits a a certain validation
level then it'll automatically scale
itself and then if it hits another level
then it'll scale even bigger and my hope
is eventually it'll be able to kind of
put itself up for sale so if you want to
even sell your businesses you can do
that too so that's my first video Vision
just a business that can go from small
to scale up to scale up all the way to
sale or you know just to keep it as a
passive you know flow of income because
it's going to run itself and my other
vision is that's with information
product I want to see if we can do it
with Drop Shipping I want to see if we
can do it with e-commerce I want to see
it then after that manufacturing right
because like I said before every one of
these businesses works on processes and
like you said if we can feed the right
processes to the AI it'll have all the
information it needs in order to be able
to do that so my vision really is to
automate I mean create the world's first
100% Automated Business and then these
other businesses at least automate 90%
of their workflow so that it makes oh my
gosh you know how much money you can
save with that and how much money you
can make with that and again it'll just
change the entire um just this the
entire environment of business going
forward yeah I absolutely agree with you
as an agency owner myself you know the
human element is typically the hardest
one to scale in any business so yes just
one last question what was your
experience working with our development
team yeah and I I got to tell you I
really did uh well first meeting you
talking to you and understanding or
getting to know how much the the vast
knowledge base you have in this area
that was really reassuring and then
working with program as name is sportd
he's great great guy um it was great
because we just kind of collaborated
together to be able to identify areas
that we can um uh you know that we want
to put the agents in and and how to be
able to move her one step to another it
was a really great experience working
together collaborating on this this task
and this project and and I like it too
because my I have areas where I'm not an
expert in the programming side and and
then you're for he help me a lot to be
able to understand how these things work
so I can better make choices about how
to be able to to to make this first
prototype so that was really helpful a
lot um and then I think the other part
too is he gave me also more ideas of
things that we can do to to make it
better like to make it even bigger like
that Vision that I have my thing is I
had the vision I just didn't know how to
put the pieces together and and I think
your company really help me to do that
amazing thanks so much William for
choosing us as your partner in the Y
evolution yeah me too thank you again
for all your help it's really been a big
support in me seeing this vision of
reality so thank you again